README.md, before:

# prepaymentsservice

This application was generated using JHipster 5.8.2, you can find documentation and help at [https://www.jhipster.tech/documentation-archive/v5.8.2](https://www.jhipster.tech/documentation-archive/v5.8.2).

This is a "microservice" application intended to be part of a microservice architecture, please refer to the [Doing microservices with JHipster][] page of the documentation for more information.

This application is configured for Service Discovery and Configuration with the JHipster-Registry. On launch, it will refuse to start if it is not able to connect to the JHipster-Registry at [http://localhost:8761](http://localhost:8761). For more information, read our documentation on [Service Discovery and Configuration with the JHipster-Registry][].

## Development

To start your application in the dev profile, simply run:

    ./mvnw

For further instructions on how to develop with JHipster, have a look at [Using JHipster in development][].

### Doing API-First development using openapi-generator

[OpenAPI-Generator]() is configured for this application. You can generate API code from the `src/main/resources/swagger/api.yml` definition file by running:

```bash
./mvnw generate-sources
```

Then implements the generated delegate classes with `@Service` classes.

To edit the `api.yml` definition file, you can use a tool such as [Swagger-Editor](). Start a local instance of the swagger-editor using docker by running: `docker-compose -f src/main/docker/swagger-editor.yml up -d`. The editor will then be reachable at [http://localhost:7742](http://localhost:7742).

Refer to [Doing API-First development][] for more details.

## Building for production

To optimize the prepaymentsservice application for production, run:

    ./mvnw -Pprod clean package

To ensure everything worked, run:

    java -jar target/*.war

Refer to [Using JHipster in production][] for more details.

## Testing

To launch your application's tests, run:

    ./mvnw clean test

For more information, refer to the [Running tests page][].

### Code quality

Sonar is used to analyse code quality. You can start a local Sonar server (accessible on http://localhost:9001) with:

```
docker-compose -f src/main/docker/sonar.yml up -d
```

Then, run a Sonar analysis:

```
./mvnw -Pprod clean test sonar:sonar
```

For more information, refer to the [Code quality page][].

## Using Docker to simplify development (optional)

You can use Docker to improve your JHipster development experience. A number of docker-compose configuration are available in the [src/main/docker](src/main/docker) folder to launch required third party services.

For example, to start a mysql database in a docker container, run:

    docker-compose -f src/main/docker/mysql.yml up -d

To stop it and remove the container, run:

    docker-compose -f src/main/docker/mysql.yml down

You can also fully dockerize your application and all the services that it depends on.
To achieve this, first build a docker image of your app by running:

    ./mvnw package -Pprod verify jib:dockerBuild

Then run:

    docker-compose -f src/main/docker/app.yml up -d

For more information refer to [Using Docker and Docker-Compose][], this page also contains information on the docker-compose sub-generator (`jhipster docker-compose`), which is able to generate docker configurations for one or several JHipster applications.

## Continuous Integration (optional)

To configure CI for your project, run the ci-cd sub-generator (`jhipster ci-cd`), this will let you generate configuration files for a number of Continuous Integration systems. Consult the [Setting up Continuous Integration][] page for more information.

[jhipster homepage and latest documentation]: https://www.jhipster.tech
[jhipster 5.8.2 archive]: https://www.jhipster.tech/documentation-archive/v5.8.2
[doing microservices with jhipster]: https://www.jhipster.tech/documentation-archive/v5.8.2/microservices-architecture/
[using jhipster in development]: https://www.jhipster.tech/documentation-archive/v5.8.2/development/
[service discovery and configuration with the jhipster-registry]: https://www.jhipster.tech/documentation-archive/v5.8.2/microservices-architecture/#jhipster-registry
[using docker and docker-compose]: https://www.jhipster.tech/documentation-archive/v5.8.2/docker-compose
[using jhipster in production]: https://www.jhipster.tech/documentation-archive/v5.8.2/production/
[running tests page]: https://www.jhipster.tech/documentation-archive/v5.8.2/running-tests/
[code quality page]: https://www.jhipster.tech/documentation-archive/v5.8.2/code-quality/
[setting up continuous integration]: https://www.jhipster.tech/documentation-archive/v5.8.2/setting-up-ci/
[openapi-generator]: https://openapi-generator.tech
[swagger-editor]: http://editor.swagger.io
[doing api-first development]: https://www.jhipster.tech/documentation-archive/v5.8.2/doing-api-first-development/

Commit message:

Add naive listeners for amortization in the stream with persistence options that defy constraints

README.md, after:

# prepaymentsservice

This application was generated using JHipster 5.8.2, you can find documentation and help at [https://www.jhipster.tech/documentation-archive/v5.8.2](https://www.jhipster.tech/documentation-archive/v5.8.2).

This is a "microservice" application intended to be part of a microservice architecture, please refer to the [Doing microservices with JHipster][] page of the documentation for more information.

This application is configured for Service Discovery and Configuration with the JHipster-Registry. On launch, it will refuse to start if it is not able to connect to the JHipster-Registry at [http://localhost:8761](http://localhost:8761). For more information, read our documentation on [Service Discovery and Configuration with the JHipster-Registry][].

## Development

To start your application in the dev profile, simply run:

    ./mvnw

For further instructions on how to develop with JHipster, have a look at [Using JHipster in development][].

### Doing API-First development using openapi-generator

[OpenAPI-Generator]() is configured for this application. You can generate API code from the `src/main/resources/swagger/api.yml` definition file by running:

```bash
./mvnw generate-sources
```

Then implements the generated delegate classes with `@Service` classes.

To edit the `api.yml` definition file, you can use a tool such as [Swagger-Editor](). Start a local instance of the swagger-editor using docker by running: `docker-compose -f src/main/docker/swagger-editor.yml up -d`. The editor will then be reachable at [http://localhost:7742](http://localhost:7742).

Refer to [Doing API-First development][] for more details.

## Building for production

To optimize the prepaymentsservice application for production, run:

    ./mvnw -Pprod clean package

To ensure everything worked, run:

    java -jar target/*.war

Refer to [Using JHipster in production][] for more details.

## Testing

To launch your application's tests, run:

    ./mvnw clean test

For more information, refer to the [Running tests page][].

### Code quality

Sonar is used to analyse code quality. You can start a local Sonar server (accessible on http://localhost:9001) with:

```
docker-compose -f src/main/docker/sonar.yml up -d
```

Then, run a Sonar analysis:

```
./mvnw -Pprod clean test sonar:sonar
```

For more information, refer to the [Code quality page][].

## Using Docker to simplify development (optional)

You can use Docker to improve your JHipster development experience. A number of docker-compose configuration are available in the [src/main/docker](src/main/docker) folder to launch required third party services.

For example, to start a mysql database in a docker container, run:

    docker-compose -f src/main/docker/mysql.yml up -d

To stop it and remove the container, run:

    docker-compose -f src/main/docker/mysql.yml down

You can also fully dockerize your application and all the services that it depends on.
To achieve this, first build a docker image of your app by running:

    ./mvnw package -Pprod verify jib:dockerBuild

Then run:

    docker-compose -f src/main/docker/app.yml up -d

For more information refer to [Using Docker and Docker-Compose][], this page also contains information on the docker-compose sub-generator (`jhipster docker-compose`), which is able to generate docker configurations for one or several JHipster applications.

### Build An Image behind corporate proxy

JIB is a great plugin but it won't work well to proxy configuration. The following commands will work without being hindered by JIB's lookup of the project's
registry in docker hub.

    mvn clean package -Pprod jib:exportDockerContext

The run : 
    
    docker build -t prepayments/prepayments-service:0.0.1-SNAPSHOT target/jib-docker-context
    
You can the push to docker registry with

     docker push prepayments/prepayments-service:0.0.1-SNAPSHOT
     
Or run it locally with:

     docker run -p 8489:8489 -td prepayments/prepayments-service:0.0.1-SNAPSHOT


## Continuous Integration (optional)

To configure CI for your project, run the ci-cd sub-generator (`jhipster ci-cd`), this will let you generate configuration files for a number of Continuous Integration systems. Consult the [Setting up Continuous Integration][] page for more information.

[jhipster homepage and latest documentation]: https://www.jhipster.tech
[jhipster 5.8.2 archive]: https://www.jhipster.tech/documentation-archive/v5.8.2
[doing microservices with jhipster]: https://www.jhipster.tech/documentation-archive/v5.8.2/microservices-architecture/
[using jhipster in development]: https://www.jhipster.tech/documentation-archive/v5.8.2/development/
[service discovery and configuration with the jhipster-registry]: https://www.jhipster.tech/documentation-archive/v5.8.2/microservices-architecture/#jhipster-registry
[using docker and docker-compose]: https://www.jhipster.tech/documentation-archive/v5.8.2/docker-compose
[using jhipster in production]: https://www.jhipster.tech/documentation-archive/v5.8.2/production/
[running tests page]: https://www.jhipster.tech/documentation-archive/v5.8.2/running-tests/
[code quality page]: https://www.jhipster.tech/documentation-archive/v5.8.2/code-quality/
[setting up continuous integration]: https://www.jhipster.tech/documentation-archive/v5.8.2/setting-up-ci/
[openapi-generator]: https://openapi-generator.tech
[swagger-editor]: http://editor.swagger.io
[doing api-first development]: https://www.jhipster.tech/documentation-archive/v5.8.2/doing-api-first-development/
